---
layout: post
title:  "Genesis"
date:   2022-03-27 11:08:16 +0530
categories: general
---
**Genesis** - an orgin, creation, or beginning

## the beginning

> This was in wait for a long period of time.
> Welcome to my maiden(very first) blogpost!


It's has been arround 5 years, since I started a typical software engineering journey. I have been reading and taking notes about software engineering topics all this while and keeping it to myself, I might have 20 odd (to be,unfinished) articles which never got to see the light. So, this would possibly be the genesis of my writing journey (atleast publicly).

### Why did I start this blogpost?
To reason that, here is a personal chunk of information from my life, 

As an engineer from a non-software background, I have been dealing with insecurities from the beginning of my career. The lack of core computer science knowledge did not bother me at the first place, i took this as an opportunity to upskill and get better. This helped me to strive and learn for things I did'nt know. And this learning journey hopefully never stops and I will probably hold on to this insecurity to the very end. 

In this journey of many self discoveries and eureka moments (might be obvious to others), there would be lot of things to share and learn. 

> Sharing Knowledge is the best way to gain Knowledge

Hence, this blog (Finally an answer!)

(...not really!)

Putting aside all the reasoning and the personal bullshit that's shared. The main motive to **start this blog, is just to just start it**. 

I dont know where this leads to, there are no plans, or any defined path. This just might be another way to learn the way of life. If you'd like that, join with me.





